[ DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ PANTING ]
[ SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE ]
[ GRUNTING ]
[ ALARM BLARING ]
ALL COPS KNOW --
AND PROBATIONARY OFFICER
BEN SHERMAN
IS BEGINNING TO UNDERSTAND --
THAT SOMETIMES
YOU CAN'T THINK ABOUT IT.
YOU'VE JUST GOT TO MAKE
THAT LEAP.
[ ALARM BEEPING ]
[ BEEPING STOPS ]
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
[ BREATHING RAGGEDLY ]
[ GROANING ]
[ BREATHING SHAKILY ]
NO, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
NO, LISTEN.
WE NEED TO TALK.
[ SIGHS ]
I DON'T LIKE LYING.
NOBODY'S LYING.
WELL, THEN,
A LIE OF OMISSION.
I NEED TO TELL HER.
TELL HER WHAT?
THAT WE'VE STARTED SEEING
EACH OTHER.
OH, WE "STARTED"
SEEING EACH OTHER?
HMM?
[ CHUCKLES ]
NO, LISTEN, LISTEN.
I'M SERIOUS.
[ SIGHS ]
AND WHAT IF SHE SAYS
SHE DOESN'T LIKE IT,
WHICH SHE PROBABLY WILL?
[ SIGHS ]
THEN WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO STOP
SEEING EACH OTHER.
NO.
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATES ]
"NO"?
YEAH. "NO."
IS THAT YOURS OR MINE?
IT'S YOURS.
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
IT'S YOUR MOM.
MM-HMM.
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
UH, ADAMS.
I'M UP.
I'M UP, TOO.
Stop it!
YEAH, NO, I WAS JUST...
NOT YOU --
NOT TALKING TO YOU.
GIVE ME THE ADDRESS.
2180 SOUTH HAMPSHIRE.
I'LL CALL YOU
WHEN I'M FIVE AWAY.
YOU'RE BAD.
YOU ARE VERY BAD.
WANDERING GRANNY REPORTED
ON MORNING WATCH.
85-YEAR-OLD WOMAN.
DAUGHTER WAS OUT
WORKING THE STREET ON HOOVER,
SAYS GRANNY WAS GONE
WHEN SHE GOT BACK HOME.
AND TODAY IS GRADUATION DAY.
TIME TO PUSH
OUR LITTLE BOOT DUCKLINGS
OUT OF THE WARM NESTS
OF THEIR TRAINING OFFICERS.
THEY'RE WHEELING OUT
AFTER WATCH...
BOOTS NO MORE.
HEY, I FEEL SORRY
FOR THE POOR BASTARD
THAT CALLS 911 TOMORROW.
Johnson: SCREW THAT.
GOD HELP THOSE NEW PARTNERS.
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN UP.
WIGGINS -- SOUTHWEST.
KARLSON -- NEWTON.
SHOOTIN' NEWTON --
DON'T FORGET YOUR VEST, KID.
CHUNG -- PACIFIC.
VENICE, BABY. SUN BLOCK, SHADES,
AND ROLLER BLADES!
AND, SHERMAN -- ALVARADO.
AS IS OUR CUSTOM,
WE'RE COLLECTING
FOR LAST DAY BOOT POOL,
20 BUCKS A PROBIE.
GOES TO THE BOOT
WHO CAN GET SOMEONE
HE OR SHE BUSTS TODAY
TO SAY "THANK YOU."
MM-HMM. THE SIGN
OF A TRULY GREAT COP.
NOBODY WINS,
THE POT GOES TO BUYING BEER
FOR THE FINAL FOUR
VIEWING PARTY.
ALL RIGHT, TRAINING OFFICERS,
COME SEE ME.
GOT PAPERWORK
FOR YOUR NEXT VICTIMS.
BOOTS -- GOOD LUCK.
IT'S BEEN A PLEASURE.
YEAH, FOR YOU, MAYBE.
BROWN, COME SEE ME.
EVERYBODY ELSE, THAT'S IT.
IT'S OUR LAST DAY OUT HERE, MAN.
DON'T GET US ALL KILLED.
GOOD LUCK.
WAY TO GO.
Watch commander:
HEY. METRO.
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU DESERVE IT.
Chickie: THANK YOU.
THANKS. THANKS. APPRECIATE IT.
[ GRUNTS ] YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE NOT GONNA WIN THAT POOL.
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
AH, ANYTHING'S POSSIBLE.
NAH, IT'S JUST A WAY
FOR THE WATCH COMMANDER
TO PICK THE PROBIES' POCKETS
FOR BEER MONEY.
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
[ LAUGHS ]
[ COUGHING ]
POWDER THAT DIAPER, BOOT!
POWDER THAT DIAPER!
[ LAUGHS ]
SHIT.
HEY! YOU'LL ALWAYS
BE A BABY TO US!
[ LAUGHING ]
LISTEN. I WANTED THE CHARGERS
UNTIL THEY GOT RID OF OSGOOD.
THEY'RE NOT PUTTING A TEAM
IN L.A. THEY'RE NOT.
NEW STADIUM -- DOWNTOWN.
THAT WE, THE TAXPAYERS,
GET TO PAY FOR.
COME ON.
NFL OWNERS NEVER MET A CITY
THEY COULDN'T ROLL.
MARK MY WORDS.
Sal: BRYANT.
SAL, I SWEAR,
I'M ALMOST DONE.
IT'LL BE ON YOUR DESK
BY END OF SHIFT.
WARRANT'S OUT
FOR EMILIO RUIZ.
THEY FOUND A WITNESS
TO TESTIFY?
IT'S NOT
FOR NATE'S MURDER.
OUR BOY LEPRECHAUN
ASSAULTED SOME GUY
OUTSIDE OF A ROLLER RINK
DOWN ON SAN VICENTE.
[ SIGHS ]
ASSAULT?
FIGHT WAS OVER A GIRL.
WENT AFTER A GUATEMALAN ILLEGAL
WITH A BRICK.
LISTEN, IT'S NOT
A MURDER WARRANT, ALL RIGHT?
BUT IT DOES PUT HIM
BEHIND BARS FOR A WHILE.
HE PLEADS OUT, HE DOES, WHAT,
A COUPLE YEARS?
NO.
ILLEGAL'S IN BAD SHAPE.
D.A. COULD CHARGE HIM
WITH ATTEMPTED MURDER.
LOOK, MAN,
RUIZ IS AN ASSHOLE, RIGHT?
PROBABLY GET HIMSELF
STABBED TO DEATH IN PRISON.
HEY, SAMMY, NO ONE FORGOT
ABOUT NATE'S CASE, ALL RIGHT?
SOONER OR LATER, A GANGSTER'S
GONNA NEED A DEAL AND ROLL!
AT LEAST NOW WE KNOW
WHERE THE SHITHEAD LIVES!
OH, GREAT. PACO.
I KNOW!
NO, YOU DON'T!
Ben: SIR, GET OUT OF THE STREET!
SIR, GET OUT OF THE STREET.
THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO STOP!
ALL RIGHT, SIR, MOVE YOUR
WHEELCHAIR TO THE SIDEWALK
SO WE CAN TALK.
I HAVE RIGHTS! I'M
A DISABLED AMERICAN VETERAN!
SIR. SIR. SIR! JESUS!
[ HORN HONKING ]
HEY! GET OUT OF
THE GODDAMN STREET!
SIR, SIR.
WHAT THE HELL'S
YOUR PROBLEM, HUH?
HEY, SHUT UP, BITCH!
COME HERE.
[BLEEP] YOU!
HEY!
Woman: [BLEEP] YOU!
COME ON.
I HAVE A RIGHT TO BE
IN THE GODDAMN CROSSWALK!
SIR! SIR!
I'M A FREE MAN!
I AIN'T NO SLAVE!
ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT.
LET GO OF
MY [BLEEP] CHAIR!
COME ON! GOTTA GET YOU
OUT OF THE [BLEEP] WAY.
YOU'RE NOT KIDNAPPING ME.
AH, SHIT!
JESUS CHRIST.
SIR! SIR!
SIR!
DON'T TREAD ON ME,
MOTHER [BLEEP]
YOU AIN'T GONNA TREAD
ON ME!
HEY, COME HERE.
COME HERE!
LET ME GO, LET ME GO!
LET GO OF ME!
COME ON!
LITTLE HELP?!
WHAT DO YOU THINK, BOOT?
THINK PACO THERE'S
ABOUT TO SAY "THANK YOU"?
YOU MOTHER [BLEEP]
[ GRUNTING ]
WHAT'D THE
WATCH COMMANDER WANT?
CATCH YOU DRILLING HOLES
IN THE MEN'S SHOWER ROOM AGAIN?
YEAH.
GETTING OFF ON THE BOYS
LATHERING UP?
I HAVE AN INTERVIEW
FOR METRO.
ARE YOU READY FOR THAT PHYSICAL?
I HEAR IT'S A REAL BITCH.
I PASSED THE AGILITY
LAST WEEK.
INTERVIEW
IS THE NEXT STEP.
WHAT'D YOU DO,
GIVE THEM 10 PUSH-UPS
AND BAT YOUR BABY BLUES?
50 CONSECUTIVE'S
THE MINIMUM REQUIREMENT.
I DID 106.
DID 106 PUSH-UPS?
YEAH.
DAMN. I GOTTA BE NICER
TO YOUR ASS.
YEAH, YOU BETTER.
HAVE FUN LAST NIGHT?
THAT'S SOME HICKEY --
ON YOUR NECK.
MM-HMM.
I KNEW SOMETHING WAS UP
WHEN YOU CAME IN SMILING
THIS MORNING.
I SMILE.
NO, YOU DON'T.
NOT IN THE MORNING, YOU DON'T.
SO, IS IT ANYBODY I KNOW?
[ BACKUP INDICATOR BEEPING ]
CORONER'S HERE.
OH.
ME, WHEN I WAS A KID,
I WAS A RAIDERS FAN.
LET'S JUST HEAD
OVER TO MAIN,
SEE IF THERE'S ANYTHING
GOING ON OVER THERE.
TRECE TURF?
YEAH.
SAL TOLD ME TO KEEP YOU OUT
OF MAIN STREET TERRITORY TODAY.
YEAH, WHY'S THAT?
LEPRECHAUN.
HE DOESN'T WANT US
INTERFERING
WITH UNITS LOOKING
TO PICK HIM UP.
"US"?
US.
NATE WAS MY FRIEND,
TOO, OKAY?
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
WHAT DO YOU WANT, TAMMI?
JESUS, VICTOR,
PUT TAMMI ON.
OKAY.
YEAH. YEAH. CALL ME.
THANKS.
EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
[ SIGHS ]
MY EX-WIFE'S WATER
JUST BROKE.
YOU NEED TO GET
TO THE HOSPITAL?
NO, HER BOYFRIEND'S
GONNA CALL ME
WHEN THE CONTRACTIONS
GET CLOSER TOGETHER.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
HER BOYFRIEND?
BOYFRIEND/PHOTOGRAPHY
INSTRUCTOR.
WORLD'S
A COMPLICATED PLACE.
I WAS THINKING
MAYBE WE'D HIT UP MOLLY'S
FOR LUNCH
FOR OLD TIMES' SAKE?
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
I'M BUYING.
MAYBE YOU COULD GIVE ME
SOME ADVICE BEFORE I MOVE ON.
I WANT HIM ARRESTED!
WHAT?
WHAT DID HE DO?
NO, NOT HIM -- HIM!
LOOK AT THIS!
LOOK WHAT HE DID TO MY BABY!
MY BABY'S 6 YEARS OLD,
AND HE GIVES HIM A TATTOO!
WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION?
I'M HIS FATHER!
I DON'T NEED NO DAMN PERMISSION!
HE'S A BABY, YOU ASSHOLE!
SHIT, JAVIER AIN'T NO BABY!
HE'S TOUGH! HE DIDN'T
CRY OR ANYTHING!
ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
[BLEEP] SIR, SIR, SIR,
COME DOWN HERE.
PUT THAT DOWN.
MA'AM,
IF YOU'RE MARRIED --
MARRIED? MARRIED?
MARRIED TO THIS PENDEJO?!
NEVER!
I'D BE [BLEEP] CRAZY!
OFFICER? MY SON'S BEEN
BEGGING ME FOR MONTHS
TO GIVE HIM THE TATTOO,
SO I GAVE IT TO HIM.
OH, YEAH? SO HE ASKS YOU
TO JUMP OFF THE ROOF --
WHAT,
YOU'RE GONNA THROW HIM?!
BITCH, I PUT THE FOOD
ON THE TABLE, I PUT
CLOTHES ON YOUR BACK!
OH, YEAH?!
WHO WAS WORKING TWO JOBS?!
SHIT, I GOT RIGHTS, TOO --
ALL RIGHT, ENOUGH!
ENOUGH!
SIR, YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
FOR WHAT?
CHILD ENDANGERMENT
AND POSSIBLY CHILD ABUSE.
SHIT, EVERYBODY IN THIS HOOD
GOTS THAT TATTOO.
HE JUST
WANTED ONE, TOO.
OH, YEAH? A GANG TATTOO
ON A 6-YEAR-OLD?
MIGHT BE TIME TO TAKE
SOME RESPONSIBILITY
AND START ACTING
LIKE AN ADULT.
OTHERWISE,
WE'RE GONNA BE BACK HERE
ZIPPING JAVIER UP
IN A BODY BAG BEFORE HE'S 16.
BULLSHIT.
MA'AM.
Sienna: THAT'S WHAT YOU GET,
MOTHER [BLEEP]
YOU HEAR ME?!
YOU [BLEEP]
MY LITTLE BABY!
NOW YOU'RE GONNA HAVE A LOT OF
TIME TO THINK ABOUT YOUR SHIT!
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
A LOT OF TIME, CLUMSY,
UP IN THAT [BLEEP] CELL!
[ SIENNA BREATHING HEAVILY ]
Denise:
NO, IS THIS YOURS?!
YOU GOT NO RIGHT!
Rama: GO! GO!
NO! I CAN BE ON THE [BLEEP]
SIDEWALK IF I WANT!
YOU MOVE SOMEPLACE ELSE!
GUESS WHO.
TELL HER.
TELL HER SHE HAVE TO GO.
YOU CALLED THE COPS?!
OH, IS THAT HOW
WE'RE GONNA PLAY THIS SHIT?!
OKAY, SHUT UP.
SHUT UP RIGHT NOW.
Rama: SHE IN FRONT
OF MY STORE ALL DAY!
CUSTOMERS NO WANT
TO COME IN!
SHE TAKE PEE
RIGHT THERE BY DOOR!
BULLSHIT!
I NEVER GO RIGHT BY THE DOOR!
HEY, I SAID SHUT UP!
SHE TRY TO GET MEN
TO PAY HER FOR SEX!
DO IT RIGHT THERE
IN ALLEY!
WHO WANTS TO COME IN STORE
WITH SCARY, UGLY WHORE --
I AIN'T UGLY,
YOU SLANT-EYED
LITTLE MOTHER [BLEEP]
STOP IT RIGHT NOW.
YOU'D BE LUCKY ANYBODY EVER WANT
TO [BLEEP] YOUR SCRAWNY ASS!
ALL DAY LONG
WITH THE WHORE TALK!
LISTEN, I THINK WE UNDERSTAND
THE SITUATION, OKAY?
DO ME A FAVOR. TAKE HIS ASS
INSIDE. YOU COME WITH ME.
COME HERE RIGHT NOW.
COME HERE.
CHINK ASSHOLE!
HEY, WHAT'D I TELL YOU
LAST TIME, HUH?
WHAT'D I TELL YOU?
YOU CAN'T BE PISSING
ON THE STREET
AND TURNING TRICKS
IN THE ALLEYWAY.
YOU UNDERSTAND ME?
HEY!
YOU DON'T LIKE SHIT,
HUH?!
HOW'D YOU LIKE IT IF I PUT
A BIG PILE OF SHIT
ON YOUR DOORSTEP
IN THE MORNING?!
AAH!
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
YOU GOING TO YOUR MEETINGS?
HUH? ARE YOU GOING TO
YOUR MEETINGS LIKE I SAID?
[ SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE ]
YOU STAY RIGHT HERE.
YOU SEE THIS BOX?
YOU UNDERSTAND ME?
THIS IS YOUR BOX.
YOU DO NOT LEAVE THIS BOX,
OR I'M GONNA HAUL YOUR ASS
TO JAIL.
I DON'T GOT TO STAY
IN NO BOX.
YOU STAY IN THIS BOX.
IN THE BOX!
THIS HOW
IT'S GONNA BE ALL DAY?
THE SILENT TREATMENT?
[ TIRES SQUEAL ]
OH, LIGHT THEM UP.
[ SIREN CHIRPS ]
A-43 -- SHOW US IN PURSUIT
OF TWO VEHICLES,
HEADING SOUTH
ON BURLINGTON,
EAST ON 18th.
HEY! THAT [BLEEP] FOOL
HIT MY CAR!
PULL OVER! PULL OVER RIGHT HERE!
WE'LL BE BACK!
John:
CALL FOR AIR SUPPORT.
A-43 --
REQUEST AIR SUPPORT,
HEADING EAST ON 18th,
JUST PAST UNION.
CLEAR, CLEAR, CLEAR.
[ SIREN CHIRPS ]
PAST TOBERMAN.
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
Ben:
PUT YOUR HANDS UP!
INSIDE THE VAN,
PASSENGER'S SIDE CLEAR!
DRIVER'S SIDE!
PUT YOUR HANDS UP!
SHUT THE BACK!
DEWEY!
DRIVER'S ON THE RUN!
A-43 --
SUSPECT'S VEHICLE
TC'd AT 17th AND OAK.
REQUESTING AN R.A. UNIT.
IT'S GONNA BE OKAY, MA'AM.
DON'T MOVE. DON'T MOVE.
DON'T MOVE.
STAY RIGHT WHERE YOU ARE, OKAY?
NO, NOTHING.
All right.
They're calling us off.
I'LL PICK YOU UP
AT THE CORNER.
Roger that.
[ DOG BARKING ]
IN THE WARM EMBRACE OF
THE GRATEFUL POPULACE WE SERVE.
IT'LL HELP
WITH YOUR STRESS.
WHAT?
SEX.
HEY, IT'LL TAKE
YOUR STRESS LEVEL
DOWN TO SERIOUSLY INTENSE
FROM YOUR NORMAL
RUBBER-BAND-ABOUT-TO-SNAP LEVEL.
I'M NOT STRESSED.
HELP YOU SLEEP.
[ CELLPHONE BEEPING ]
WHAT IS THAT BEEPING?
UH, IT'S MY CELLPHONE.
I FORGOT TO CHARGE IT
LAST NIGHT.
YOU SEE?
THAT'S WHAT SEX DOES.
TAKES YOUR MIND
OFF THE LITTLE THINGS.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
Lydia: THANK YOU.
HEY, WHAT DO WE GOT?
Chickie: 14-YEAR-OLD GIRL
FOUND BOUND AND GAGGED
IN THE BACK OF THE VAN.
DRIVER WAS INVOLVED
IN A HIT AND RUN,
THEN GOT INTO THIS ACCIDENT
FLEEING FROM US.
Josie: HOW'S THE GIRL?
SHE'S UNCONSCIOUS.
LOOKS LIKE A SEXUAL ASSAULT
OCCURRED, AS WELL.
IS THE DRIVER IN CUSTODY?
HE RAN.
WE'RE LOOKING FOR HIM,
BUT WE DON'T EVEN HAVE
HIS DESCRIPTION.
DO WE AT LEAST HAVE A NAME
FOR THE VICTIM?
FOUND A BURROUGHS
MIDDLE SCHOOL I.D.
IN HER BACKPACK.
VAN'S REGISTERED
TO A DANIEL BROLIN.
876 SOUTH WILTON.
THAT'S NEXT DOOR TO HER HOUSE,
ACCORDING TO THE I.D.
THEY TAKING HER
TO GOOD SAM?
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN.
I'LL GET A UNIFORM
IN THE AMBULANCE WITH HER,
ALL RIGHT?
THANKS.
WHAT WAS THE ADDRESS
YOU HAD?
[ CELLPHONE RINGING ]
[ BEEP ]
HELLO?
RODRIGO: Hey, baby.
You miss me?
[ SIRENS WAIL IN DISTANCE ]
WHERE WE GOING?
JUST GONNA CRUISE THROUGH,
SEE IF ANYTHING IS GOING ON.
YOU KNOW?
SAL'S GONNA HAVE OUR BUTTS
IF WE GET OUT OF THIS CAR.
IF WE FIND OUT ANYTHING
ABOUT WHERE HE IS,
WE'LL JUST PASS IT ON.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL,
RIGHT?
SO, YOU GONNA BE IN THE
DELIVERY ROOM FOR THE BIRTH?
I DON'T KNOW. I DON'T KNOW
IF SHE WANTS ME IN THERE.
WELL, IF YOU HAVE A CHOICE,
SKIP IT.
WATCHING MY FIRST ONE
POP OUT
PUT ME OFF OF SEX FOR THE WHOLE
FIRST PART OF THE YEAR, MAN.
I MEAN, THAT THING
GETS LIKE -- UFF.
I MEAN, NOT THAT CHARLENE
WOULD LET ME NEAR HER ANYWAY
FOR THE FIRST FEW MONTHS.
YEAH.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
HEY.
BINGO.
[ CHEERING AND SHOUTING ]
HEY, JIMMY,
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
FELLAS.
YOU SEEN LEPRECHAUN TODAY?
ANYBODY...
SEEN LEPRECHAUN TODAY?
[ CHEERING AND SHOUTING
CONTINUE ]
I'M WATCHING MY SON
PLAY SOCCER.
YEAH?
WHICH ONE'S YOUR SON?
HE'S THE ONE
WITH THE CHIVAS JERSEY ON.
LOOKS LIKE A [BLEEP] GIRL.
Sam: YOU'RE STILL
ON PAROLE, RIGHT?
WHAT ARE YOUR CONDITIONS?
LOT OF KNOWN GANGSTERS
HANGING AROUND HERE.
YOUR CONDITIONS
SAY ANYTHING
ABOUT HANGING AROUND
KNOWN GANG MEMBERS, JIMMY?
LOOK -- I DON'T BELIEVE
IN LEPRECHAUNS.
I AIN'T SEEN NO LEPRECHAUNS.
I'M HERE TO WATCH MY SON
PLAY SOCCER.
IF YOU'RE GONNA VIOLATE ME,
VIOLATE ME.
'CAUSE RIGHT NOW,
ALL I SEE IS A BUNCH OF THIS
AND NOTHING COMING OUT.
DISPATCHER: All units,
shots fired, officer down.
Hollenbeck Park.
North entrance.
YOU FIND HIM, JIMMY!
YOUR PHONE RANG
A COUPLE OF TIMES
WHILE YOU WERE
CHARGING IT.
OH. THANKS.
I'LL CHECK THE MESSAGES.
[ CELLPHONE BEEPING ]
WHEN DID YOU START
SCREWING MY SON?
WE...JUST STARTED
SEEING EACH OTHER.
WHAT, LAST NIGHT?
THAT HICKEY?
I'M S-SORRY.
I...SHOULD HAVE TOLD YOU.
IT WAS STUPID.
MY SON'S 28.
YOU'RE, WHAT, 40?
36.
DRIVING AROUND
WITH A CHILD MOLESTER.
I'M SORRY, JOSIE.
YEAH, WHATEVER.
GOD.
THEY ASSIGN YOU
A NEW BOOT?
FOR TOMORROW?
YOU GOT A MIGRAINE
OR SOMETHING?
YOU GOT YOUR
SUNGLASSES ON...AGAIN.
WASHINGTON...
OR...JEFFERSON.
SOME FOUNDING FATHER.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU LIKE BEING
A TRAINING OFFICER?
DEPENDS ON THE BOOT.
Man: HEY, I HOPE
I'M NOT BOTHERING YOU,
BUT WOULD YOU MIND POSING
WITH MY KIDS FOR A PICTURE?
MY SON HERE
WANTS TO BE A COP.
OH. YEAH.
YEAH, SURE, NO PROBLEM.
GREAT. COME HERE.
GO ON.
GET THE STAR
IN THE PICTURE.
GOT IT. GOT IT.
YEAH? ALL RIGHT.
WAIT A MINUTE. CAN I GET
ONE MORE? JUST ONE MORE?
YEAH. YEAH, SURE.
ALL RIGHT.
EXCELLENT. EXCELLENT.
GREAT. THANK YOU.
SURE. SURE, NO PROBLEM.
GOOD LUCK, MAN.
SEE YOU IN SCHOOL.
THANKS SO MUCH.
ALL RIGHT, THANKS A LOT.
THANK YOU.
THEY SAID "THANK YOU."
DOESN'T COUNT, NUMB-NUTS.
IT'S GOT TO BE
SOMEBODY YOU BUST.
YOU'RE PAYING, RIGHT?
[ SIGHS ]
[ SIREN WAILS ]
WHERE'S SHOOTER?
WE WERE TRYING TO SERVE
AN ASSAULT WARRANT.
GUY JUST STARTED SHOOTING.
WHERE?
HOLST AND GOMEZ
ARE IN PURSUIT.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
[ SIREN WAILING ]
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
[ GUN SHOTS ]
ANYBODY ELSE GET HIT?
OH, MAN.
HOLY SHIT.
RUIZ?
YEAH.
LISTEN. YOU ALL RIGHT?
STAY WITH ME.
LOOK AT ME.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
SHH.
NATE MORETTA, LEPRECHAUN.
NATE MORETTA --
THE LAST THING YOU HEAR
BEFORE YOU DIE.
LOOK AT ME.
HEY, STAY WITH ME.
COME ON.
NATE MORETTA,
MOTHER [BLEEP]
YOU CAN HEAR ME, RIGHT?
HUH? COME ON!
NATE MORETTA,
MOTHER [BLEEP]
[ HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING ]
ALL RIGHT. THANKS.
[ PEN CLICKS ]
FAMILY'S HEADING
TO GOOD SAMARITAN
TO BE WITH
THEIR DAUGHTER.
THE VAN OWNER SAID
HE WAS AT WORK,
AND THE FOREMAN SAID
THAT ONE OF HIS GUYS
USED THE VAN TO RUN AN ERRAND
THIS MORNING,
AND HE NEVER CAME BACK.
THEY GIVE YOU A NAME?
YEAH. TOMAS MARTINEZ.
AND AN ADDRESS.
DID ANYBODY SEE THE GIRL
GOING TO SCHOOL THIS MORNING?
SHE LEFT A COUPLE MINUTES
BEFORE MARTINEZ.
SOME OF THESE GUYS SAID
SHE CAME OVER
TO PRACTICE HER SPANISH
FOR SCHOOL.
JOSIE, UM,
I'M GONNA CALL RODRIGO
AND JUST LET HIM KNOW
IT WAS A MISTAKE.
OH, THE HELL YOU ARE.
AND HAVE HIM BLAME ME
FOR YOU DUMPING HIM?
UNH-UNH.
IT'S NOT LIKE
I'M DUMPING HIM.
WE JUST STARTED
SEEING EACH OTHER.
YEAH, WELL, DON'T.
[ CAR DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
YOU HUNGRY, MAN?
YOU WANT SOME THAI FOOD?
NAH, I FEEL LIKE A SALAD.
SALAD? COME ON, MAN.
LET'S GET SOME BEEF SATAY
AND SOME PAD THAI NOODLES.
NO, THANKS.
LOOK, I GOT TO CHECK ON DENISE
ANYWAY, MAN.
WE'RE RIGHT NEXT
TO THE PHUHKET EXPRESS.
DENISE?
WHAT IS UP WITH YOU?
YOU'RE LOOKING AFTER
CRACK WHORES NOW?
HEY. WORKING THE STEPS
IS HER ONLY WAY OUT, MAN.
BESIDES, IT'S NOT HER FAULT.
IT'S A SICKNESS.
IT'S DEEP DOWN
INSIDE HER GENES.
WELL, SHE'S DEEP DOWN INSIDE
SOMEONE ELSE'S JEANS RIGHT NOW.
SON OF A BITCH.
AAH! AAH!
DENISE!
WHAT STEP IS THIS, DEWEY?
GET OFF OF MY HOOD!
HE OWES ME 10 BUCKS!
I DON'T CARE!
GET OFF THE HOOD OF MY CAR NOW!
YOU DENT THE HOOD OF MY CAR,
I'M COMING OUT WITH A SHOTGUN!
I'M GONNA TASE
THAT BITCH.
HE OWES ME $10!
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
A-35 -- ROGER.
EN ROUTE.
I'M COMING BACK FOR YOU,
DENISE!
I WANT MY MONEY!
[ SCREAMS ]
I THINK YOU'RE REALLY GETTING
THROUGH TO HER, DON'T YOU?
SHUT THE [BLEEP] UP.
[ DOG BARKING ]
HE PACK SOME THINGS
AND GO!
Josie:
HOW LONG AGO DID HE LEAVE?
NOT LONG. HE WAS HURT.
I TOLD HIM HE NEED TO GO
TO THE HOSPITAL.
YOU ARE POLICE?
YEAH.
HOW WAS HE HURT?
HIS HEAD -- BLEEDING.
WHAT DID HE DO?
HE KILL SOMEBODY?
DID HE SAY
WHERE HE WAS GOING?
NO. HE WAS VERY NERVOUS.
I THINK IT WAS THE DRUGS.
HE DOES DRUGS?
YES. AND SELL THEM
TO THE KIDS, TOO.
I CALL THE POLICE --
THEY SAY THEY TRY
TO CATCH HIM,
BUT THEY NEVER DO.
MAL HOMBRE.
BAD BOY.
HE TOOK THE BUS.
HAD A BAG AND THAT JACKET.
WHAT COLOR
WAS THE JACKET?
LIKE FLAG --
THE MEXICAN FLAG.
GREEN, WHITE, AND RED.
THANK YOU.
DE NADA.
GRACIAS.
YOU EVER MISS IT?
MISS WHAT?
UNIFORM.
HELL NO.
REGULAR HOURS, EXTRA PAY.
HARD TO BEAT BEING A DETECTIVE.
I MISS IT SOMETIMES.
I MISS THE SIMPLICITY.
[ SCOFFS ]
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
BRYANT.
YEAH, THANK YOU.
THE BABY'S COMING.
BOOTS ARE THROWING
AN OFF-PROBATION PARTY TONIGHT
AT PORT HOLE.
SOME TRAINING OFFICERS
ARE GONNA STOP BY.
IF YOU WANT TO COME,
YOU'RE WELCOME.
NOT LIKELY.
WHAT WAS THE DESCRIPTION
ON THAT SUSPECT?
A JACKET, SUITCASE?
UH...
TOMAS MARTINEZ,
5'9", 175.
DARK HAIR...
WEARING
A MEXICAN FLAG JACKET,
CARRYING
A BROWN SUITCASE.
ALL RIGHT.
CALL IT IN.
A-43 --
SHOW US CODE-6 POSSIBLE.
KIDNAPPING SUS--
A-43 IN FOOT PURSUIT!
BROADWAY TURNING UP 7th!
[BLEEP]
[ GRUNTING ]
[ STRAINING ]
[ PANTING ]
[ GRUNTS ]
COOPER, COOPER? WHERE ARE YOU?
I'M [GRUNTS]
[ GRUNTING ]
[ MUFFLED SHOUTING ]
[ GROANING ]
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
[ SCREAMS ]
[ PANTING ]
[ SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE ]
[ BABY CRYING ]
[ CRYING CONTINUES ]
DO YOU WANT TO BE
WITH YOUR DADDY?
COME HERE.
[ BABY FUSSING ]
THERE YOU GO.
YOU'RE GONNA BE
A GREAT FATHER, SAM.
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
[ CRYING CONTINUES ]
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SECURING THE EVIDENCE.
STAND UP.
STAND UP!
I'M GETTING UP.
WHERE WERE YOU?!
[BLEEP]
I NEEDED BACK-UP!
YOU [BLEEP] TOOK OFF
LIKE JOHN WAYNE!
WHAT THE [BLEEP]
WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO?!
AND NOW YOU'RE
STEALING PILLS?!
I'M COLLECTING EVIDENCE!
YOU CAN BARELY WALK,
MUCH LESS RUN.
YOU'RE STONED OUT OF YOUR
GODDAMN MIND HALF THE TIME!
AND NOW YOU'RE
LOOTING EVIDENCE?!
I AM COLLECTING EVIDENCE.
I'M [BLEEP] COLLECTING IT!
I GOT A BAD BACK!
I CAN'T [BLEEP]
CHASE AFTER YOU!
YOU'RE A [BLEEP] GODDAMN
USELESS TRAINING OFFICER.
YOU MAY HAVE BEEN
A GREAT COP ONCE,
BUT YOU'RE A [BLEEP] MENACE
OUT HERE NOW.
THERE'S NO WAY IN HELL
I'M LETTING YOU TAKE
A NEW BOOT OUT TOMORROW
TO GET SHOT OR KILLED!
YOU GOT TWO OPTIONS WHEN WE GET
BACK TO THE STATION.
I DRIVE YOU
TO REHAB TONIGHT...
OR I GO TO
THE WATCH COMMANDER
AND TELL HIM
TO GIVE YOU A PISS TEST.
[ BREATHING RAGGEDLY ]
COME ON, DUDE.
WE WERE END OF SHIFT
OVER 30 MINUTES AGO.
IT'S ONLY GONNA
TAKE A MINUTE.
SUBDUING AND BOOKING
A COMBATIVE CRACK WHORE
ISN'T GONNA TAKE
JUST A MINUTE.
LET IT GO.
HAVE YOU TAKEN A LOOK
AT THE HOOD?
HUH? WE'RE GONNA BE FILLING OUT
A DAMAGE REPORT
FOR A FREAKIN' HOUR.
IT'S JUST A COUPLE
OF DINGS.
NOBODY IS GONNA NOTICE IF YOU
DON'T CALL ATTENTION TO IT.
COME ON.
YOU SEE HER SOMEWHERE, MAN?
I DON'T SEE HER.
GOOD.
THEN WE CAN GO IN.
JUST SHUT UP. WHERE IS SHE?
DO YOU SEE HER?
THERE SHE IS.
PERFECT.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
HEY, DENISE!
I TOLD YOU
I'D BE BACK, MAN.
YOU GIVE ME ANY SHIT,
AND I'M GONNA TASE YOUR ASS.
HEY.
DENISE.
[ SIGHS ]
GOD DAMN IT.
OKAY.
THANK YOU.
CALL IF YOU
NEED ANYTHING.
THANK YOU.
WHEW!
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
DID YOU EVER GET IN TOUCH
WITH THE RAPE TREATMENT CENTER?
THEY'RE SENDING OVER
A COUNSELOR.
[ SIGHS ]
15.
SO WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
ARE WE STILL GONNA BE ABLE
TO WORK TOGETHER?
I DON'T KNOW.
HEY.
HOW'D IT GO?
HOLY SHIT, I'M A DAD.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
IT'S A BOY, SO...
THERE YOU GO.
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU GOT A NAME?
NATHANIEL.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
ALL RIGHT.
SEE SOME PHOTOS.
OH. I JUST KEEP STARING
AT IT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
JESUS.
UGLY LITTLE BASTARD, HUH?
YEAH, HE TAKES AFTER ME.
[ SLAPS SAM'S LEG ]
YOU KNOW, YOU DIDN'T
HAVE TO COME RIGHT IN.
YOU COULD HAVE TAKEN
A COUPLE OF DAYS.
WELL, TAMMI TOOK HIM HOME,
AND...
...YOU KNOW, I-I'LL PROBABLY
GO BY TOMORROW.
[ Softly ] YEAH.
LISTEN, GIVE ME --
GIVE ME A FEW MINUTES HERE.
I'D LIKE TO BUY YOU A BEER.
CELEBRATE.
I-I WANT BACK
ON PATROL, SAL.
UM...
I TALKED TO...
THE CAPTAIN, AND, UH...
I TOLD HER I WANTED
TO BE BACK IN UNIFORM.
YOU KNOW, SAM,
WE CAN'T BRING NATE BACK.
YOU KNOW THAT.
ALL RIGHT, WELL, YOU SURE
YOU CAN TAKE THE PAY CUT?
I MEAN, YOU GOT A NEW BABY
AT HOME...
THERE WAS A NEW COP
SHOT TODAY.
HE'S ONLY BEEN ON
SIX MONTHS.
I THINK THAT I CAN MAKE
A DIFFERENCE OUT THERE,
HELP TRAIN 'EM,
KEEP 'EM SAFE.
YOU'RE SURE ABOUT THAT,
ARE YOU?
ALL RIGHT, SAMMY.
JUST KEEP A DESK WARM
FOR ME.
[ SCOFFS ]
YOU KIDDIN' ME?
ABSOLUTELY.
[ SNIFFLES ]
CONGRATULATIONS, MAN.
THAT'S REALLY COOL.
HE'S A BEAUTIFUL KID.
[ CHUCKLES ]
IT'S SO COOL.
HEY.
I STILL WANT THE BEER.
YOU GOT IT.
GIVE ME 10 MINUTES, ALL RIGHT?
[ SIGHS ]
YOU WANT ME TO GO IN
WITH YOU?
NO.
COUPLE DAYS,
WHEN I STOP PUKING
MY GUTS OUT,
IF YOU CAN BRING ME
A CHANGE OF CLOTHES?
[ KEYS JINGLE ]
OKAY.
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
HEY. BOOT.
THANK YOU.
I'M...JOHN COOPER.
I'VE GOT A...
BACK PROBLEM.
YOU ON ANY MEDICATION?
VICODIN...
OxyContin...
PERCOCET.
THEY WON'T BE ABLE
TO OPERATE.
YOU NEED
A MEDICAL DETOX FIRST.
YOU READY FOR THIS?
YEAH.
ANY OTHER NARCOTICS?
HEROIN? COCAINE?
MARIJUANA?
NO.
[ Voice breaking ]
I'M A COP.
TWO THINGS
GET YOU KILLED OUT HERE --
THE LEFT HAND
AND THE RIGHT HAND.
THIS ISN'T HOLLYWEIRD.
ALVARADO IS THE REAL DEAL.
GANGS DOWN HERE --
THEY TAKE TIME --
YOU GOT TO BE PATIENT.
WHERE THE [BLEEP]
DO YOU THINK YOU'RE GOING?
YOU GOT ABOUT FIVE MINUTES
ON THE JOB,
YOU STILL SMELL GREEN
TO ME.
ALL YOU GUYS THINK
YOU'RE HOT SHIT
'CAUSE YOU FINISHED
YOUR PROBATION,
BUT YOU'RE STILL
JUST A P-2 PUP.
AND UNTIL I KNOW
YOU'RE SQUARED AWAY,
YOU KEEP BOOKS,
I'LL DRIVE.
COOL?
YES, SIR.
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU WAITING FOR, PUP?
GET IN THE DAMN CAR!
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]